arepas

arepas are the most eaten Venezuelan food. They're made out of corn flour, water and salt, they can be filled with anyting being the most popular the "Reina Pepiada" that  is filled with chicken salad and avocados pieces.

arroz-con-pollo 

Arroz con pollo is a traditional dish of Spain and Latin America, closely related to paella. In the Dominican Republic it is called locrio de pollo, and Saint Martin where it is called lokri or locreo. There is some debate as to whether it originated in Spain. 

burrito

A burrito is a type of Mexican and Tex-Mex food, consisting of a wheat flour tortilla wrapped or folded into a cylindrical shape to completely enclose the filling. The flour tortilla is usually lightly grilled or steamed, to soften it and make it more pliable. In Mexico, meat and refried beans are sometimes the only fillings.

carne-asada

 Mexican cuisine, carne asada is made from thin marinated beef steak, usually skirt steak, flank steak or flap steak. It is usually cooked with a certain amount of searing to impart a charred flavor. Carne asada can be served as a main dish or as an ingredient in other dishes. Carne asada is often served with fresh guacamole, grilled onions, black beans or frijoles charros, rice, tortillas and fresh salsa. 

carnitas

Carnitas, literally "little meats," is a dish of Mexican cuisine originating from the state of Michoacán. Carnitas are made by braising or simmering pork in oil or preferably lard until tender. The process takes three or four hours and the result is very tender and juicy meat, which is then typically served with chopped coriander leaves and diced onion, salsa, guacamole, tortillas, and refried beans.

ceviche 

Ceviche is a seafood dish popular in the coastal regions of the Americas, especially Central and South America. The dish is typically made from fresh raw fish cured in citrus juices, such as lemon or lime, and spiced with ají or chili peppers. Additional seasonings, such as chopped onions, salt, and coriander, may also be added. Ceviche is usually accompanied by side dishes that complement its flavors, such as sweet potato, lettuce, corn, avocado or plantain.

chalupas

chalips are delicious

chicharrones

chicharroness are delicious

chile-relleno

The chile relleno, is a dish of Mexican cuisine that originated in the city of Puebla. It consists of a stuffed, roasted, fresh poblano pepper, sometimes substituted with non-traditional Hatch chile, Anaheim, pasilla or even jalapeño chili pepper. In its earliest incarnations, it was described as a "green chile pepper stuffed with minced meat and coated with eggs".

chili-con-carne

Chili con carne, commonly known in American English as simply "chili", is a spicy stew containing chili peppers, meat, and often tomatoes and beans. Other seasonings may include garlic, onions, and cumin. Variations, both geographic and personal, involve different types of meat and ingredients. Recipes provoke disputes among aficionados, some of whom insist that the word “chili” applies only to the basic dish, without beans and tomatoes. 

churro

churros are delicious

cuban-sandwich

A Cuban sandwich is a variation of a ham and cheese that was often made in cafes catering to Cuban workers in the early Cuban immigrant communities of Florida: Key West and Ybor City, Tampa. Later on, Cuban exiles and expatriates brought it to Miami where it is also still very popular. The sandwich is made with ham, roasted pork, Swiss cheese, pickles, mustard, and sometimes salami on Cuban bread.

dulce-de-leche

Dulce de leche is delicious 

Empanada

Empanada is delicious 

enchilada

Empanada is delicious 

fajitas

Empanada is delicious 

flan

Flan is an open pastry or sponge cake containing a sweet or savoury filling. A typical flan of this sort is round, with shortcrust pastry. Usually coated with sweet syrup. It is similar to a custard tart or a South African melktert. British savoury flans may have diverged from the Spanish and French custard flans in the Middle Ages.

Gordita

A gordita in Mexican cuisine is a small cake made with masa and stuffed with cheese, meat or other fillings. It is similar to a pasty and to the Colombian/Venezuelan arepa. Gordita means "little fat one" in Spanish. A gordita is typically fried in a deep wok-shaped comal or baked on a regular comal. A gordita is typically prepared as a thick tortilla.

guacamole

Empanada is delicious 

margarita

Empanada is delicious 

mexican-rice

Empanada is delicious 

nachos

Empanada is delicious 

paella

Empanada is delicious 

quesadilla

A quesadilla is a wheat tortilla or a corn tortilla filled with a savoury mixture containing cheese, other ingredients, and/or vegetables, cooked often on a griddle, then folded in half to form a half-moon shape.

refried

Empanada is delicious 

salsa

Empanada is delicious 

sopaipilla

Empanada is delicious 

taco
A taco is a traditional Mexican dish composed of a corn or wheat tortilla folded or rolled around a filling. A taco can be made with a variety of fillings, including beef, pork, chicken, seafood, vegetables and cheese, allowing for great versatility and variety. A taco is generally eaten without utensils and is often accompanied by garnishes such as salsa, avocado or guacamole, cilantro, tomatoes, minced meat, onions and lettuce.

tamale

A tamale is a traditional Mesoamerican dish made of masa, which is steamed or boiled in a leaf wrapper. The wrapping is discarded before eating. Tamales can be filled with meats, cheeses, fruits, vegetables, chilies or any preparation according to taste, and both the filling and the cooking liquid may be seasoned. 

tortilla

Empanada is delicious 


